Corrected versioning (#92)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-monitoring-cloudhub.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: Edited green changes only; please resubmit if you would like the white and blue edited as well.

endif::[]

To start monitoring Mule apps that are managed in CloudHub, you must deploy them to a supported version of Mule runtime engine and set the runtime version in your Mule app.

== Supported Versions of Mule Deployed to CloudHub

> Anypoint Monitoring non-AM images receive patch updates as soon as they are available. Anypoint Monitoring -AM images are no longer receiving patch updates. It is recommended that you switch to a non-AM image if your production environment requires a Mule runtime engine patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring non-AM images receive patch updates as soon as they are available. Because Anypoint Monitoring -AM images are no longer receiving patch updates, switch to a non-AM image if your production environment requires a Mule runtime engine patch.
```

Reviewer: Doublechecking: the images are of type "non-AM" and "-AM" (with the hyphen)?
Does AM represent Anypoint Monitoring? Could we call the images simply "Anypoint Monitoring images" and "non-Anypoint Monitoring images"?

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring with Mule Runtime images receive patch updates as soon as they are available. Because Anypoint Monitoring -AM images are no longer receiving patch updates, switch to a Mule Runtime (non-AM) image if your production environment requires a Mule runtime engine patch.
```

> Metrics and Logs are supported in the following Mule versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics and logs are supported in the following Mule versions:
```

Reviewer: Be sure to GLOBALLY distinguish between init. capped proper nouns and lowercase common nouns.
See style reference.
When I am in doubt, I suggest lowercase; please let me know if a proper noun needs adding to the Term Presentation list.

* 4.x.x
* 3.9.x
* 3.8.7

Metrics are used by graphs and other charts within xref:dashboards.adoc[Dashboards].

> Logs are only available if you have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs are available only if you have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform.
```
See style reference entry for "only."

| Metrics and logs

> | Anypoint Platform (CloudHub)

Reviewer 2: We support Metrics and Logs in any 3.8.7, 3.9.x, 4.x.x runtime. Should we condense versions above accordingly?

Author: I think that would be best.

| 3.8.7

> | Metrics and Logs

Reviewer 2: Should we remove any info that has to do with -AM runtimes in the paragraph above?
> Anypoint Monitoring non-AM images receive patch updates as soon as they are available, while -AM images receive the latest patch updates only once per month. It is recommended that you switch to a non-AM image if your production environment requires a Mule runtime engine patch.

Reviewer 2: Or simply mention that customers who still use -AM runtimes, should switch non-AM runtimes ASAP?

Author: Are you deprecating -AM runtimes? If so, let's mention that they need to switch.

Reviewer 2: yes, we have deprecated -AM runtimes. They should no longer be available for new deployment.

Author: Alright, I will make a note of that.

== Enable Monitoring Using the UI

You can use the *Settings* page in Anypoint Monitoring to enable or disable apps deployed to CloudHub and running on Mule.

. Sign into Anypoint Platform and navigate to *Anypoint Monitoring*.
. In the menu on the left, click *Settings*.
+
image::monitoring-settings-screen.png[]
+
. Select *CloudHub*.
. In the *Environment* drop-down list, select the environment where the application is running. +
A list of running applications is displayed for the selected environment. +
You can search for a specific application using the *List of resources* search box.
. Next to the application, click *Enable* to enable monitoring for the application, or *Disable* to disable monitoring for the application. +
[NOTE]

> Applications running on `x.x.x.-AM` versions are displayed in the list and are already enabled, however, you can't disable these applications from this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications running on `x.x.x.-AM` versions are displayed in the list and are already enabled, however, you can't disable these applications from this page.
```
```suggestion
Applications running on `x.x.x.-AM` versions are displayed in the list and are already enabled; however, you can't disable these applications from this page.
```
